---
layout: post
title:  "2020 A Journey"
date:   2020-03-07 22:27:48 -0400
categories: update
---

2020? Time can really slip away from you. There is so much that we can do sometimes we end up doing a lot but not really going anywhere. It doesn't help that I am also really really good at procrastinating. So my goal this year is to pick some things I used to do and stopped and start doing them again. Add in a few things I was never really good at keeping up with and work on keeping up with them. And finally do something outside my normal comfort zone. Not a life changing list by any means. But it is meant to start a change, get into some good habits, and then build. I got lots of rust to knock off.

So this is kind of to get caught up to date. we are already into the 3rd month of the year.

So I started running and going back to the gym. Signed up for 3 races and am planning on 3 Spartan obsticle races as well. We signed up to a new gym in January and so far I go every morning before work. It was a change to my sleep schedule to be sure but after almost 2 months I am pretty used to it and feel far more productive in my day. I run 4 days a week and do body weight light weight workouts the other two. eventually I will even things out but I have just been keeping the run days as only run days as I get back into shape. I had taken almost 3 years off from running. I ran 8 miles today. I have a 11 mile race at the end of the month.

With the workouts going so well i added another habit I want to get back into and that is reading books. I haven't really been doing it lately. I read articles on the web and forums but got out of the habit of reading books. fiction or non. Last summer at the beach I started reading Speaker of the Dead. I haven't picked it up since then. My goal is to read one book a month. This month is finishing my summer read.

As for things I was never good at but I want/need to do better at I am starting with planning. Planning for me is to better capture the things I need to do and then set the time aside to do them. At work a lot of it is done for me through the calendar. meetings and such just pop up on there and done. I have a list of work items in our work manager that I need to do so I just grab and go. But that sometimes gets overrun and I end up not executing as well as I would like. at home I don't really plan just react to what needs the most attention at any given time. So I am working harder on both to have a solid plan for the week of what I want to accomplish and split it out among the days to make sure I can achieve them. It is a work in progress and I have been getting better. but there are times where its like 3 days go by and I am still trying to catch up.

Dovetailing with that is writing. Part of the reason for a blog is to work on writing. I need to get better at it and well as better at organizing my thoughts and as above my day. So hoping this will help reinforce my planning as I more publicly document some of it. Its already March and I have just gotten to the point where I think I am ready to add this. Though this long initial post isn't the best its a start.

And for something outside my comfort zone. I am building an RPG game. and on top of that Kickstarted it. Both were things I have wanted to do but never really put it as a priority. Now it is and its been great. The project was successfully funded and I am working on finishing it up. That will be more of a discussion on an upcoming blog I am sure. I need to get this update done so gonna stop here. This is the start of 2020.

