---
layout: post
title:  "End of MarcH"
date:   2020-03-31 22:27:48 -0400
categories: update
---

March came and went pretty quick. A lot of plans changed due to the corona-virus and trying to quarantine ourselves. But it also brought new plans and projects to get done. I got the basement cleaned up (first wave anyways. I still need to go through some shelves/storage and reduce a lot.) I worked on getting a website up and started this "blog" again. Started reading for fun again and got my taxes done. 

I didn't get as far in my RPG as I would have liked but I made good progress this last weekend. It is coming along though so I am not too disappointed. I am still planning on being able to do more play testing this weekend with my kids (captive audience after all) and I think soon after will open it up to some more play testing with my friends as I work on the first module.

Despite the MC 17.75K race being cancelled I am still finding time to run though not as much as I was when I was training. The MC Historic Half is in May. I may sign up for it though I am not sure if it will still be happening. But at least I have something to train toward for now to kinda help my get into the grove more. I have always trained more consistently when I have a race. I did sign up for the MC Marathon already but that isn't until this fall. 

April looks to be more of the same. Clean up the shelves in the basement. Overall reduce some of the stuff I have basically. Continue to exercise and work on the RPG. Work on some programming/development stuff. Read another book. etc.
