---
layout: post
title:  "Mid march check-in"
date:   2020-03-23 22:27:48 -0400
categories: update
---

Hopefully everyone is starting to settle into a new routine and feeling more in tune with their lives. As well as getting exercise and some mental health time to just relax a little. I personally try to avoid the news as much as possible and just check in once in the evening to see were we are at. It is going to be a while before we get caught up to where we need to be so numbers are going to get worse for a while. Best we can do is stay safe and help our communities. I don't need 24hrs of news weighing me down to know that. 

Overall I have been getting things done and feeling a bit more organized than normal. A lot less distractions and commitments to deal with coupled with no commute to and from work which is really really nice. I have had stints of working predominantly from home before and I have always felt more productive during those times. Its amazing how much time we spend just going to and from work and I don't even have that bad of a commute. 

I made really good headway on the RPG this weekend and am trying to get things finalized this week so that I can stay on track with playtesting. I imagine that will cause me to have to rethink some things and make changes but ideally they will be minor if I do this part right initially. So I will keep at it. 

I did finish reading The Speaker For the Dead. It ended kind of weird to me. Its more a Part I of 2 type book (or 3 or whatever not really sure) than a stand alone novel. While you can definitely read it without having read Ender's Game, I don't feel like the story concluded enough for it to be a stand alone book on the other end. I wasn't planning to read the next book for some time as there are others I wanted to read so that also have me feeling a little less happy about it.

I have been reading a lot of technical docs lately while I try to get some systems up and so have kinda been planning on reading another novel instead of a non-fictional book in April. We will see how this week goes I have enought to keep me buy until then anyways so will make that decision later. It probably won't be Xenocide though.

My other goals are to continue knocking out to-do's around the house and to better fit in my exercise time. I have had a few days where I didn't get around to doing a workout. I may have went for a walk to get away from the screen for a bit but didn't get as many workouts as I would have liked especially the non-running ones.  So will have to focus on that more this week. 

Stay safe, get some exercise, eat healthy, take time for your mental wellbeing, and help one another.
